it's the ghost of skateboarding Spacek
go out there and like I'm here to teach
you a lesson a like there's like a way
so I'm gonna go do that instead
and so I know some high ass nigga trying
to tell me about some
Merry Christmas I'm so
happy to be here I'm just joyful with
nigga we got to make it do a bitch we
should have died in lava now we here
state line but it's love today on the
show love all my niggas who we got to
talk about today Oh
cleeshay the mirga's just had a video -
it was nice French Fred doing his
artistic thing my favorite part
about this entire video though I'm not
gonna lie it was like I had to use one
eye because you would film between yeah
but I stay real like big big real like
how you say in America people bother my
size around in Colombia people that talk
about skateboarding in this game
you know we do with the skin not to
actually make the skin on the ground the
suit will do the best trick hold some
kids kind of land it on purpose so it
gets dirty and then we could wrap it up
throw it at the other kids take a little
strips of it and hang it on my
frigerators that I've made a wall now
David I don't know man I have no idea
like literally I don't know what you're
talking about there was no subtitles
available so I was happier than a little
white kid or the Beverly Hills on a
Christmas morning when tweak the beef
came out Oh Lee I'm tired everybody
being so angry of getting hurt when
niggas fall over and they could laugh
and giggle and skip and jump in jolly
ho ho ho all on my nutsack
it was a good day I liked it the
tradition had a holiday party everybody
got so turnt up they all woke up sprint
to Hamilton was Pro gratulations will
get Rogers SK line Merry Christmas
this is the ghost of skateboarding's
future T 3000 because you are so nice
today
skateboarding change forever no one was
aware so Mikey New Balance came together
making psycho skaters Beauty human body
skin and withstand skate one thing
anymore
so we froze Jay Adonis and Paul
Rodriguez and now we take from their
brand every skateboarder is perfect
well I don't know why we took Jamie
Thomas no I got the hate stop the enjoy
video
god Gerry Sudhir to tricks
nigga that's he cat that's just like a
time barriers in the game I'm giving you
niggas two plays and you still got
stupid-ass Lilly with his ball
cut and they could cut your
hair get a fresh fake
bitch you got much other niggas that we
don't even know who's on the team you
got somebody named weeded and little did
you enjoy over here tweaking the beef
and Felipe jig or whatever comes out
yeah we ain't forgot about you Felipe
your bull's semen drinking
with this
chip my chance and be a fan you're gonna
be
deal with it nigga I don't give a
and then you got some new the
expensive habits bitch I don't even know
you actually kid he said you to make
front flips robot ain't taking off
but first let me get to know my niggas
sk somebody sent me a gift
open this it is deep blue
ass box
gosh Kayla's here welcome to who's more
ghetto let's meet our contestants Derek
Wilson long digs is good Gary Rogers I'm
gonna ask a few simple questions
what's hood or was not